Are you going to come to me today?
I was going to find you too
What is it? What happened?
It's Shen Changzong
I'm going to interrogate him in the morning
Only to find him dead
And it was a tragic death
Eyes and tongue are gone
Was forcibly sacrificed
Sacrifice
The magic practiced by the Empress is originally a forbidden magic
He used Shen Changzong and Ye Zhen
Want to deal with my psychology
Help them fulfill their wishes
The price is their lives
So the Empress died
He and Ye Zhen both died
That's right, but it's not a big deal that he's dead
It's just that you asked the help to ask.
About Auntie's Soul
He hasn't said it yet.
Then I can only drop the powder myself.
By the way, your leader has a lot of information.
Can you lend me a look?
Wait a minute.
The basics are all here
Who?
It's over, this uncle is afraid to be angry again
Please help me find the information first.
Can I come back to you then?
What am I looking for?
If you like this, you can send it to me then.
Did you hear what he said to me?
He asked me who I was.
And that very impatient tone
Make it seem
It wasn't him who forced me to call before
How could it be done before, but not now?
Have you lost patience and interest in me?
Now I don't even want to pretend
How to do it is scary
Who can help me?
Answer the phone
Madam oh madam
I'm with Master Shen and Wang
Master Shen just woke up
If you have anything to say, you can tell him directly.
Oh, it's okay.
I just wanted to ask
How is our Mr. Shen doing?
If it's okay, I won't talk to him on the phone
Su Qiang